# MATLAB Millionaire Questionnaire

The intent of my project is to create a computer version of the famous TV game show Who Wants to be a Millionaire. The game asks random questions on several topics, ranging from sports to science. The educational intent of my project is to learn more about programming applications using Matlab. Throughout the project, I was able to use the AppDesigner feature on Matlab and write both callback and helper functions to try to recreate the TV game show as much as possible.

The application I programmed is a computer version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire. The program is a single-player game where the user’s knowledge is put to the test with a series of questions that potential lead to the user winning a million fake dollars. There are fifteen questions that the user must answer correctly in a row to win the million dollars. Each question has a money value that is earned by the user if answered correctly. If the user answers a question incorrectly or decides to walk out, the game is over. There are three different lifelines in the game that are programmed to helping the user when in doubt. However, using these lifelines do not guarantee a correct answer. 

The overall code of the game is composed of two scripts: the mainpage figure script and the game_screen app. The mainpage script contains functions to code for the main menu where the user has the option to start the game. This script also contains a function that codes for the background theme music of the main menu. The game_screen app is the actual game where the questions are asked and answered. Several components were added in the design process, including push buttons, images, and labels. The push buttons are used for the answer choices, the label for the question, and the images for the lifeline icons. Additionally, a list box component is used to dictate the round the user is in. 

Several callback functions are included so that the game is programmed to respond in some way whenever the user clicks on a component. For example, whenever the user clicks on a lifeline icon, the corresponding help is offered and a big “x” appears over the icon to remind the user that the icon has been used. Also, callback functions are used so that the user is able to click on the answer choice. In the game_screen code, helper functions were also created to add sound effects and background music to the game. But the main significance of the helper functions in the game is to create the different rounds with help from predetermined variables and conditionals. Each round of questions and answer choices is coded in a helper function for better structure.
